Sonya is the essence of more than just
beauty, it is an expression
of Rejuvenation, Admiration and Love.
Ingredients including
Aloe Vera, Fruit Extracts, White Tea
and superior moisturizers give back to
your skin
to rejuvenate and moisturize like never
before.
Before you start with the Sony Skin Care
regimen
it is important to understand that your
skin is a dynamic system
this condition in properties are affected
by nutrition
hydration and the environment therefore
the ability of the skin to absorb the
nutrients in this Sonya Skin Care
Products varies from person to person
and from climate to climate,  you may
find that you will need to use a bit
more
or a bit less than is recommended.
Experiment
each day to find what is right for you
and your skin
with this in mind now let's get started
this Sonya Skincare collection contains
five basic steps for maintaining
overall skin health in appearance
Aloe Purifying Cleanser,
Aloe Refreshing Toner,
Aloe Nourishing Serum,
Aloe Balancing Cream and
Aloe Deep Cleansing Exfoliator
work together to leave your skin looking
and feeling fresh and radiant
begin each morning and evening with the
Aloe Purifying Cleanser
this remarkable cleanser with Aloe & Fruit
Extracts gently removes makeup and
impurities
it leaves your skin feeling wonderfully
soft, fresh
and clean. Apply the Cleanser to the
fingertips of both hands
and rub together massage over the face
and throughout areas and then remove with the
cotton pad and rinse thoroughly
with warm water keep in mind that your
Sonya Eye Makeup should always be removed
with this Sonya Eye Makeup Remover
Follow the Cleanser with Aloe Refreshing Toner
this alcohol-free skin refreshing toner
with Aloe & White Tea provides vital moisture
and prepares the skin for the the Serum
simply apply to the face in throughout
areas
with the cotton pad allow the toner to
be absorbed
before proceeding to the next step
if you use Forever Epiblanc
be sure to apply it twice a day every day
after the toner is fully absorbed
it is important to remember that
Epiblanc must be used two times a day
every single day for best results
if you use
Alpha-E Factor now is the time to
apply this rich
restorative oil if you use Alluring Eyes
apply after the toner and after Epiblanc
if using both Alluring Eyes and Epiblanc
Now it's time to treat your skin to the
Aloe Nourishing Serum
this wonderful Serum
contains Aloe, White Tea
and Mimosa extract it provides a
concentrated boost up anti-oxidants
that form a protective Nourishing barrier
to help prevent the negative affects of the
environment
apply 3 pumps of the Serum
to the fingertips
rub the fingertips of both hands
together and apply to the face and through
area allow it to absorb before proceeding
to the next step
follow the Serum application with the
Aloe Balancing Cream
this Luxurious Cream contains Aloe
plus Revitalizing Extracts
and Advanced Moisturizers
it is perfect for use both day and night
and is excellent for use
prior to the application
of the Sonya Colour Collection
remove the spatula
and disc underneath the lid
place a small amount of cream
on the Jar Disk
using fingertips
apply the cream from the Jar Disk
to the face and throat
area and massage into your skin
you have now completed
your daily regimen
if you use R3 Factor
it should be applied along with this
Sonya Aloe Balancing Cream
in no particular order you may mix the
two products together if you prefer
if you use Aloe Sunscreen
it should be applied
after the Aloe Balancing Cream you may
then apply you Sonya Cream to Powder
Foundation
and the Sonya Colour Collection items of your choice
The Aloe Deep-Cleansing Exfoliator
is not part at the daily routine
but rather is designed to
be used approximately
two times a week
it contains Aloe Vera
Natural Jojoba beads and
Cucumber and Lemon
extracts the Aloe Deep-Cleansing Exfoliator
increases circulation refreshes the skin
surface
and brighten its appearance after
cleansing with the Aloe Purifying Cleanser
dampen the face with water and
apply the Exfoliator to the fingertips
massage the face and throat area
gently with fingertips
for 2 to 3 minutes carefully avoiding
the eye area
rinse with warm water then
pat dry with the clean towel
and follow with the Toner,
Serum and Balancing Cream
with these five fundamental elements for
cleansing, moisturizing and maintaining
overall skin health and appearance
your skin will look
fresh healthy and radiant
so indulge yourself your family
and friends in this process
and treat your skin to the luxury it
deserves with the Sonya Skin Care
Collection